Add RFC-5 Review 2 (#290)
ome/ngff: rfc/5/reviews/2/index.md

# RFC-5: Review 2

## Review authors
This review was written by: William Moore<sup>1</sup>, Jean-Marie Burel<sup>1</sup>, Jason Swedlow<sup>1</sup>

<sup>1</sup> University of Dundee

## Summary

This review complements the points raised in [Review 1](https://ngff.openmicroscopy.org/rfc/5/reviews/1/index.html).

> We agree with most points raised there, especially on the re-use of existing specifications on scientific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We agree with most points raised there, especially on the reuse of existing specifications on scientific
```

notation and references to external specifications. We have a different view regarding the
Parameters question.

## Minor comments and questions

> Although the RFC and the [PR #138](https://github.com/me/ngff/pull/138) include several examples of

Reviewer 2: me -> ome
